README.md, before:

# GemFire Extension 


This project contains an API for Java Virtual Machine based languages to access [Apache Geode](https://geode.apache.org/)/[GemFire](https://tanzu.vmware.com/gemfire). It builds on top of the core GemFire APIs. It provides a simple interface to connect and perform GemFire data access operations.


See [components/gemfire-extensions-core](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-extensions-core)


# Sub Projects


| Project                                                                                                                                               | Notes                                                                                                                                                      |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [components/gemfire-extensions-core](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-extensions-core)                       | GemFire client API wrapper                                                                                                                                 |
| [components/gemfire-extensions-spring-security](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-extensions-spring-security) | Spring Security implements backed by GemFire                                                                                                               | 
| [applications/gemfire-health-shell-app](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/applications/gemfire-health-shell-app)                 | [Spring Shell](https://spring.io/projects/spring-shell) application to analyzer GemFire statistics                                                         |
| [components/gemfire-health-office](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-health-office)                           | Tools for analyzing GemFire statistics                                                                                                                     |
| [components/gemfire-http-dotnet-api](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-http-dotnet-api)                       | Wrapper Dotnet Core client that uses the GemFire HTTP API                                                                                                  |
| [components/gemfire-security-managers](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-security-managers)                   | [GemFire security manager](https://tanzu.vmware.com/developer/data/gemfire/blog/security-manager-basics-authentication-and-authorization/) implementations |
| [components/gemfire-touch-function](components/gemfire-touch-function)                                                                                | GemFire function to synchronize region in WAN replicated GemFire clusters                                                                                  |
| [deployments/scripts/gemfire-devOps-bash](deployments/scripts/gemfire-devOps-bash)                                                                    | GemFire cluster operations DevOps management scripts                                                                                                       |




# Starting a GemFire Cluster Locally


In GFfsh

Start Locator 
```shell
start locator --name=localhost --bind-address=127.0.0.1 --hostname-for-clients=127.0.0.1 --http-service-bind-address=127.0.0.1
```

Start Server
```shell
start server --name=server1 --server-bind-address=127.0.0.1 --hostname-for-clients=127.0.0.1 --jmx-manager-hostname-for-clients=127.0.0.1 --bind-address=127.0.0.1 --http-service-bind-address=127.0.0.1 --locators=127.0.0.1[10334]
```

Commit message:

Adding Clean function and repo credential changes

README.md, after:

# GemFire Extension 


This project contains an API for Java Virtual Machine based languages to access [GemFire](https://tanzu.vmware.com/gemfire). It builds on top of the core GemFire APIs. It provides a simple interface to connect and perform GemFire data access operations.


See [components/gemfire-extensions-core](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-extensions-core)


# Sub Projects


| Project                                                                                                                                               | Notes                                                                                                                                                      |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [components/gemfire-extensions-core](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-extensions-core)                       | GemFire client API wrapper                                                                                                                                 |
| [components/gemfire-extensions-spring-security](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-extensions-spring-security) | Spring Security implements backed by GemFire                                                                                                               | 
| [applications/gemfire-health-shell-app](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/applications/gemfire-health-shell-app)                 | [Spring Shell](https://spring.io/projects/spring-shell) application to analyzer GemFire statistics                                                         |
| [components/gemfire-health-office](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-health-office)                           | Tools for analyzing GemFire statistics                                                                                                                     |
| [components/gemfire-http-dotnet-api](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-http-dotnet-api)                       | Wrapper Dotnet Core client that uses the GemFire HTTP API                                                                                                  |
| [components/gemfire-security-managers](https://github.com/ggreen/gemfire-extensions/tree/main/components/gemfire-security-managers)                   | [GemFire security manager](https://tanzu.vmware.com/developer/data/gemfire/blog/security-manager-basics-authentication-and-authorization/) implementations |
| [components/gemfire-touch-function](components/gemfire-touch-function)                                                                                | GemFire function to synchronize region in WAN replicated GemFire clusters                                                                                  |
| [components/functions/gemfire-clear-region-function](components/functions/gemfire-clear-region-function)                                              | GemFire function to clear region data in a GemFire partitioned region                                                                                      |
| [deployments/scripts/gemfire-devOps-bash](deployments/scripts/gemfire-devOps-bash)                                                                    | GemFire cluster operations DevOps management scripts                                                                                                       |




## Build Jar

Set Pivotal Maven Repository user credentials
See https://gemfire.dev/quickstart/java/

```shell
export PIVOTAL_MAVEN_USERNAME=$HARBOR_USER
export PIVOTAL_MAVEN_PASSWORD=$HARBOR_PASSWORD
```

# Starting a GemFire Cluster Locally


In GFfsh

Start Locator 
```shell
start locator --name=localhost --bind-address=127.0.0.1 --hostname-for-clients=127.0.0.1 --http-service-bind-address=127.0.0.1
```

Start Server
```shell
start server --name=server1 --server-bind-address=127.0.0.1 --hostname-for-clients=127.0.0.1 --jmx-manager-hostname-for-clients=127.0.0.1 --bind-address=127.0.0.1 --http-service-bind-address=127.0.0.1 --locators=127.0.0.1[10334]
```
